[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> There are many paths to
figuring out the true nature
of our reality.
The path of my
journey has taken me
to Sedona, Arizona
several times.
And every time I leave, I find
myself making plans to return.
It was one of the
first discoveries
I made during my research
into the ET subject matter.
Sure, it was a hard
one to swallow.
I remember going to
an ET meetup group
at the Flying Saucer
Cafe in Santa Monica.
Some of the experts
there said that they
had spoken to several
abductees who claimed to have
seen these children on ships.
They said they
were teaching them
how to do mundane daily tasks,
like go grocery shopping
and wash dishes.
Well, at the time, I
thought it was ridiculous.
But several years
into my research,
and now I know it to
be more true than not.
In fact, all of the
extra dimensional beings
I've interviewed so
far have all confirmed
the programs and the
existence of hybrid children.
Today, a meeting with
Bridget Nielsen--
a beautiful young
lady who says she
can communicate directly
with these hybrid children.
She claims that she
can even show me
how to connect to my children.
Though I have no
conscious memory
of being on board any
ships and having my essence
or sperm taken, I'm going
to follow it along and see
where this all takes me.
>> Through the art process, it's
a really easy way of channeling
for me, like, my expression.
And it's an easy way
for me to communicate
because I hear through the
conduit of color and shape.
And it's a way that
just turns on my access,
but it also turns that
on for other parents
when they do that.
So it's not just limited to me.
I think it's the playfulness
in the process of creating
art too that connects people
with that childlike part
of themselves that helps
connect them with the kids.
And so particularly, I
think with the kids, even
more than, like,
channeling other beings,
I think art is just they can
play through it because they're
kids, so they're playing and
it's a way for them to do that.
I work with them.
The first thing is by them
contacting me and asking.
You know we've talked about
the asking the question.
>> Them, meaning the parents?
>> The parents, the parents.
>> The parents, OK.
>> The parents ask
to meet their kids.
It's like they have
to meet me halfway
by like stepping
into that, right?
And then from there,
the download comes
and it's just the
kid just comes.
And actually, I got
my clairvoyance--
I just remembered this because
I was across the river.
My clairvoyance opened the
night after a big meditation
in the labyrinth here.
That's when my
clairvoyance opened.
I was clairaudient, and then
I would draw the picture,
and then see what it was.
But I didn't start visualizing
until 2012 here actually.
My clairaudience
and clairsentience
were like my
strongest abilities.
So anyways, I'd get
the download through
many different perceptions
over quite a few days, just
kind of building the
communication, you know,
being like, is this what
you're talking about?
No, this is what
I'm talking about.
And it's kind of a refinement of
how they want to be expressed.
And then from there, I draw it.
And then they're also talking
to me, so then I write.
It's usually like a few
paragraphs to a page
to the parents about
the kid's energy,
about their particular
personality,
or like ifs whatnot, and then
I deliver it to the parent.
>> What are we
set up here to do?
Maybe if you can explain
what you're going to do here.
>> OK.
>> I see pad and pencil.
And what else is
going to happen?
>> Right here is going to be
the conduit medium of connecting
with your hybrid child.
And I got the download
when you asked me.
And so now, it's time for him
to come through, and he's--
>> Him?
>> It's a him--
a little preview.
>> Him-- exciting.
>> So 50%.
We know it's a male.
>> Excellent.
>> So yeah, this little
boy wants to connect you.
And so now, I'm
going to draw him.
>> OK.
>> And we'll see how he
wants to present himself.
So that's what I'm
going to be doing.
>> Cool.
And usually as you're drawing,
you get other information
as well, is that how
it usually works?
>> Yeah.
So I'm in
communication with him.
And so he's talking
to me, clairaudient
through clairaudience.
I can see him
through clairvoyance,
and then I can feel him.
And so those messages will
then be relayed to you--
>> Awesome.
>> --which he's
already inundating me.
>> Wow.
>> So it's good.
He's excited.
>> Super cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Awesome.
Well, we'll let you
get to work and can't
wait to see what happens.
>> Awesome, thanks.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So we get to do this now?
>> Yeah.
>> Awesome.
>> Come on.
>> All right.
>> So should I present to
you first or should you kind
of draw and see what happens?
>> Yeah, 'cause maybe
I should draw first.
>> That's right.
You know, because then
you could see if there's
a syncing transmission.
>> You know, I caught
a slight hair glimpse.
I was trying not to look as I
was checking out the camera.
So yeah, let's do it.
What do you suggest?
I sit here?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, OK.
>> You get to be in
the drivers seat.
>> And we get to do
my own time lapse.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, cool.
I'm seated down here.
There you go.
You gotta walk me through this.
>> I'm going to
walk you through it.
>> OK.
>> So what we're doing here is
I channeled and brought through
his son.
And I got messages from
him, particularly for you.
But this is a fun way of--
you said you're more
experiential, right?
>> I like to get
my feet wet, yeah.
>> Yeah, more a
visceral experience.
>> Yes, that allows me to
better communicate to the rest
of the world what's happening,
as opposed to just taking
your word for it.
I take your word for
it, but to understand it
so if somebody came to me
later and wanted to say, hey,
what was that experience
like, instead of me just
regurgitating what
you said, then now
I can put it into my own
vocabulary, my own words,
and convey it better.
>> Right.
Good.
Well, and that's the important
thing for the hybrid kids is
that the parent--
that you actually
embody being a parent--
>> Right.
>> --like that starts to happen
because if it's an intellectual
idea, it's just not going to
be real at all and you're not
going to go anywhere with it.
So experiencing it
and really connecting,
that's my primary goal.
Some people have a little
bit of a challenge with that,
so then I bridge that.
And then with this, then it
can start to open your conduit.
>> Bridge it.
>> Right.
It's a little
bridge it together.
>> We have to
All right, awesome.
>> OK, so for this, what
we're doing is, as you know,
like putting your
hands like right here.
This part of your palm
accesses your right brain.
>> Oh, I did not know that.
>> Yeah, so that's why like
typing versus writing accesses
actually like has a
better conduit energy.
>> Oh, I had no idea.
OK.
>> And such as too with
like using a pendulum,
the energy is coming through
like that right hand,
so there's something in like
the channeling process that can
come easily through that.
So that's what we're going to
be doing is that the energy is
going to come through.
And because he's your
kid, he's connected
to your energetic frequency.
It'd be like--
I don't know what
they're called--
when you have the things
on your body to do the--
>> Acupuncture?
>> Well, not acupuncture, but
when you're filming and you
have the little things,
like, say, in "Avatar"
to do the blue--
>> Oh, the motion capture dots.
>> Green screen.
Yeah!
It's like that, except
he can sense you.
>> Oh, OK.
>> So it's like--
>> So OK, I see.
>> Yeah, so like sensors on you.
>> So he's the infrared camera.
>> Right.
>> Picking up the motion.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
>> Yeah, and the energy.
>> Right.
>> And so he can see through you
and he can experience through
you, or he can then
come through you.
>> Right.
>> So what you're going
to do is they can access--
well, I guess how energies
come through, like with art,
is with color, right?
With a color frequency--
that's a way of communicating,
as well as shapes or textures.
So it can be abstract.
It can be real.
It can be a word.
It can be a shape.
It can just be a color.
And the big part is--
one of the reasons
I have watercolors is
that energy transmits
much better through water.
And so there's some
kind of experience.
Like it's an experience,
and it's not really
what the final product is.
It's the experience of it.
>> Right.
>> So just kind of pick
up whatever brush you want
and then dose it in
whatever color you want.
>> OK.
>> Like whatever comes
to you, and you might--
and that's where you tune into
your different senses, right?
Like if you here green or if
you feel a certain color--
you see a certain color.
So just go forth with that,
and then you could also
use colored pencils or markers.
Like if those-- you have
full palette of possibility.
But to start like in
a very simple way,
we're going to go
with the watercolors.
>> Just the colors
first, and then--
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
So I used to draw
and I used to do art.
>> Oh, did you?
>> But not for 20 years.
Like in high school, and
then after high school,
I hadn't picked up a--
I think one time, I drew--
tried to see if I still had it.
>> Yeah.
>> And I drew a picture.
But I was always very--
I was never really much
for drawing from my mind.
>> Yeah.
>> I was always like, OK,
I got to look at something.
And then I would draw it.
Or I'd look at a
picture and draw it.
>> Yeah.
>> So even though I do
have some art background,
this is still very
foreign to me.
>> Good.
>> So-- OK, good.
All right.
Good.
>> Foreign is good.
But that's part of the point,
too, is that when we're kids,
we play and we draw
and color and stuff.
And then as adults, we don't.
So it's like it taps you
into your kid self, which
then taps you into your kid.
>> Oh, nice.
I like that.
>> Yeah.
>> Very good.
OK.
So just-- am I ready?
Is it set?
>> You're ready, set, go.
Like we talked
about earlier, you
can do a question if you want.
>> Ah, yes.
Questions would be better.
>> To activate.
>> Question to activate the--
to create the vibrational
frequency so the answer
can come through.
>> Right.
>> OK.
Let me think of a question.
OK.
First question I was going to
ask was what color skin do you
have?
Is that strange?
Have you ever asked that?
>> No, but I like it.
>> OK.
Yeah.
Or maybe seeing the color
made me ask that question.
>> Maybe seeing the color?
>> Yeah.
So I kind of saw
this color here.
Let's see what happens
when I put some--
>> OK.
We'll just start going with it.
>> Some water into it.
Do they question themselves
about who they are?
>> They ask questions about--
>> They're curious about--
>> Who they're to become.
>> To become.
>> Yeah.
They ask a lot of
questions about us.
>> And is that
because they are--
because of the
genetic backgrounds?
They know that they're
going to become something
kind of like us, but--
>> Yeah, they're trained
to come to Earth.
Like they're literally in--
their school is how
to fit in as a human.
>> Wow.
>> Because they already are
complete in their essences
and they're very expressed
in their essences.
So now it's, how do I translate
that to Earth, you know.
So they ask questions
like, why do you eat meat?
Why do you kill animals?
Why do you pollute yourselves?
It's kind of like--
it ends up being more
those kinds of questions.
But just to understand why
we do what we do, you know?
>> Right.
Well that can all be summed
up in one easy phrase--
lack of awareness.
It's just a lack of--
that's all.
If you're born with awareness--
>> Then you're--
>> Then you're kind of--
>> Going to be conscious, right?
>> Yeah, you're going to be--
and then, yeah, you look
at these other people who
aren't, and you're like, why?
Yeah.
I get it.
>> And they're in an
interesting-- the kids--
because some of their parents
won't make it to the reality
where they land.
So it's like they can't care.
>> But they have ET--
>> But they have
feelings, though.
>> But they have ET--
they have other--
>> Caretakers.
Gray DNA, so to say so we're
not their only parents.
>> Well, we're their--
the grays were never
designed to be like parent.
It was more they're just
an extra dose of DNA.
Like we were designed--
like for instance,
this kid that you're
talking with right now--
you have over 60%
of your DNA in him.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Yeah.
>> OK, that's a lot.
>> OK, I was even
thinking almost no DNA,
and I think I heard you say
in one interview about kind
of energy--
>> Energetic contributor?
>> They're interested
in energy, as well as--
>> Yeah.
>> DNA.
>> So I was thinking
more energy,
but you're saying maybe 60%.
OK.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> So what would we call--
we'd call like mojo?
>> Mojo and energy?
>> Mojo and--
I don't know.
It's secret sauce.
>> If they're like, we
like your body vessel.
>> OK.
>> And yeah.
>> Interesting.
>> And the energy.
So the first ones
to contact a parent
are the ambassador children.
>> OK.
>> And there's usually one
or two, or maybe three,
but usually one or two that
come to the parent first.
And they're the
initial ones that
build that real connection.
And then aside from that,
once that connection's built,
then other ones can
come circling in.
But those first ones
are the highest--
have the highest amount
of the human parent's DNA.
So they're the most similar.
So that it's the most
easily synced up.
And then some of the
ones that you meet later
might have a lesser percentage
or might be more alien or weird
or not like you.
But these ones are
really very similar.
A lot of parents
almost can confuse them
with their own self as a child.
They're like, this just seems
so much like me as a kid.
>> Right, right.
>> And it's-- that's
exactly right.
It really is like
the perfection of you
as a kid copied again
into another kid.
>> This kind of--
I was telling you earlier at
breakfast how I had this--
I wouldn't even see vision,
but more of a feeling last week
during a meditation.
And that was this idea
that my offspring would
be an even less
denser version of me,
even though I'm still
evolving and still
have a good portion
of my life, I hope,
left of me here on this
planet or elsewhere.
>> I like how you're practicing
all of your statements now.
Kids in this reality living
on this planet or elsewhere.
>> Yeah, we have to be
careful with our words.
Just having that awareness,
again, and the connection
to the father energy
and the density,
and then this light--
this even lighter form.
So if I've been able
to, in my evolution,
reach this sort of stage--
you know, just imagining what--
like if you were to hit
the reset button from now.
OK, from here on,
if your kid is going
to start here and
then evolve and go
beyond where I am now
with my-- you know,
it just kind of blew me away.
>> Yeah.
>> Kind of realizing, oh
wow, that's totally doable.
>> Yeah.
Yeah.
>> And I guess that's why
we live vicariously through
our children, because their
evolution and their paths are
so--
they can go so much further than
we can because of our density,
I guess, and our
attachments to this reality
and this third
dimensional world.
>> Yeah.
>> So yeah, that's cool.
I couldn't even comprehend
children and what
that whole experience
would be like,
and you know-- and
I see people and I
see the love and the passion.
I'm like, yeah, OK.
>> For you.
>> That's great.
>> Yeah.
I'm not there yet.
>> Right.
>> I totally appreciate
you appreciating that.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, and that's the thing.
It's interesting because they're
teaching us to lighten up.
You know, like they're
having you paint right now,
and it's like, how do
we keep evolving out
of this rigid density?
It's like if you had your
father paint, I mean--
>> Right, yeah.
>> He might loosen up there
for a second, you know?
So it's like that's--
and there's a big motivation,
especially for the hybrids,
to have this--
to have us lighten
up, because then we'll
make it to that reality.
Otherwise, if we're just
super dense, we won't.
So they're like, all right,
let's do this, you know?
And it's interesting
that you had
that experience with
the different lineages--
like the archetypes.
>> Yeah.
>> Like father, son--
father, son archetype.
And then they take, as you
know, like with abduction
through the genetic lineage.
So it's like they probably took
your grandfather, father, you,
and then the result--
you're a hybrid kid.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And each one, they
upgraded your genetics--
>> Right, right.
>> More and more.
>> And well, I've always--
on my family side,
I always thought my mom
was the one that had been--
because she talks about
when she was little,
she had some contact
experiences and stuff.
So I always kind of thought
that was more on her side.
But yeah, I mean, it could
go on either side, right?
>> Well, and that's like--
you know, in the healing
world or whatever,
like soul retrievals and taking
back those parts of ourselves
that have had to be
pushed out or suppressed
due to this world and the
way that it is, you know.
Like re-kindling those
pushed out parts,
and a lot of the reason
we can't connect with kids
is because we have some pushed
out part of our childhood self.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, we tend to do that.
I have tried for a large
majority of my life
to be pretty playful and not
take things too seriously,
and connect to that inner child.
And I do that through
my work with anime
and with video game
characters and stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> So I'm not quite sure
where we're going with this--
if there's much more left to do.
>> I think it's in a good place.
>> Yeah.
I might-- I was thinking
that of going full goggle.
>> Go for goggle if
that's-- is that what--
if that's what you're feeling.
>> Yeah.
It's probably-- if
this hat isn't--
it probably doesn't
look like much
of anything right
now, but at least
what this has inspired
me to do is to get more--
to go out and get some
watercolors and have some fun.
>> See, this is good.
>> That's what needs to happen.
>> Yeah.
>> Get some more hair on him.
>> Well, and that's the
point, is like they said,
opening up that playfulness.
>> Yeah.
>> Conduit, which is always
the message from them.
>> Yeah.
Yeah, that's-- and so
earlier, I said the--
what's the secret
of the universe?
And I said, emotion.
And Bashar and others have
talked about this before,
but it's really-- it's all about
the emotion of joy, you know?
And what brings
you the most joy.
And when you see little
kids, I mean, they've got--
wow, what an emotional
spectrum they have.
They can go back and forth.
But for the most part,
they're living in joy.
>> Yeah.
>> You know?
And everything just
makes them happy.
>> Yeah.
>> For the most part.
>> You know?
I mean, and the little
stupidest things, too.
>> Yeah, they can play
with, like, wrappers.
>> Yeah.
>> You know, like toilet paper,
and they're just ecstatic.
>> And it's-- yeah.
So why do we have to--
why can't we be
ecstatic over wrappers?
[LAUGHTER]
So I see that, and
I'm like, oh, yeah.
OK.
>> Well, and it's
just the conditioning.
You know, it's like, no,
you need to buy a toy
and it needs to be like this.
>> Right.
>> You know?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> OK.
>> OK, so let's see here.
Well, I'll go over some of the
messages that he was saying.
>> Oh.
>> Like when I was drawing.
>> OK.
>> And then how it's translated
through your drawing.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Which is his-- like,
well first of all,
the statement he made was, who
do you think came up with this
whole series?
Like this series that
you guys are doing.
>> Oh, right?
Oh.
>> He's like, do you think I did
not help with this whole thing?
>> Oh, OK, gotcha.
>> So he's, like, very--
like you guys in dream time,
and even though you might not
be conscious of it, are like
working intimately together
'cause he's helping the process.
>> Right, right.
>> You know, from
the other side.
OK.
>> Yes.
>> And so that was--
>> I know in the past--
I mean, increasingly,
my dreams have been just
getting more and more
intense, and I forget them.
I need to write them down.
I wake up and I'm
just like, whoa.
>> Yeah.
>> What just happened?
I'm like, OK, gotta snap
back to this reality.
>> Yeah.
>> You know.
But constantly, I'm
waking up with this--
I just-- some crazy
stuff that happened.
>> There's stuff happening.
>> Stuff happening.
>> Yeah.
>> Absolutely.
So if you consciously
go to sleep
with the intention of
connecting with him about this,
you'll start remembering and
he'll start coming to you,
and you'll start hearing his
specific frequency guiding
you as a part of
your crew, you know?
Like he's a third person
being like, let's do this.
So that was a big thing.
He was like, I am a
major part of this.
Like how do you think you got
here right now, doing this,
you know?
>> Excellent.
Thank you, whatever
your name is.
>> I guess that's
the next question.
>> Great question.
His name is Sion.
>> Sion.
>> Yeah.
S-I-O-N.
>> S-I-O-N.
>> Yeah, not Zion.
I was like, Zion?
And he was like, Sion.
>> Sion.
OK.
Oh, cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Sion.
>> Do you want to
see the drawing?
>> Yeah, let's
>> Yeah.
Let's see it.
>> OK.
This is it.
>> Do you want to
just place it here.
>> Dun, dun, dun, dun.
>> Oh, wow.
Look at that.
That's beautiful.
Nine.
>> Nine.
>> Cool.
Look at them eyes.
>> They're green eyes.
It's like pretty green.
>> So it does look very human.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> They do look
more human than not.
>> A bit.
>> Some of the ones later in
the program look very alien,
like the ones that will come
to Earth a few years after--
>> Right.
>> --everything, landing takes
place, they'll be more alien.
But the first ones that
have the most of our DNA
will be the ones that
look the most human too.
So--
>> Interesting.
So what does one of age nine on
a starship, what kind of toys
do you play with?
>> Well, it's looks
like some goggles.
>> [LAUGHS]
I guess so.
That's funny.
>> Right?
>> Yeah.
Oh, interesting.
>> Well, and they have like
those holographic screens--
>> Right.
>> --that they work
with and stuff.
They're like--
>> So they've got like
iPads out of the ying-yang.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, like iPad version 13--
>> Right.
>> --you know, that could
probably do some cool stuff.
>> Exactly.
Yeah.
>> All right, interesting.
Interesting.
What would be on
a smaller scale?
>> For them?
Or for us?
>> The integration
and everything.
I mean-- no, no.
Personally, I guess--
>> Yeah.
>> --is there any-- did anything
come through on a more per--
let's stick with the
personal stuff today.
And then tomorrow,
we'll go bigger.
>> Dreams, that was like
the biggest thing is for you
to like--
I mean, the way that they--
the way for you to shift to the
dimension where they then land
is through remembering that you
already have that connection.
>> Right, right.
>> Like when you heard
Sion, you're like, hm.
You know, like--
>> Yeah.
>> There's like--
>> I couldn't quite place where.
But I'm like--
>> There was a haze.
You know?
>> I mean, I know the
cars, the Scion car.
>> Right.
>> And then like
the other things.
But I'm like, no.
There's something else there.
There's something more.
There's something more there.
I can't quite
place it right now.
>> Yeah, yeah.
So just like that,
it's like work.
The next step is to work through
the haze of our forgetfulness.
So you did the regression
with Barbara Lamb.
>> Right
>> So it's like, OK.
Let's remember this stuff.
You know?
>> Right.
>> Let's remember
the abduction stuff.
>> Right, right.
>> Let's remember that I
meet with them in dreamtime.
Let's remember that I have them.
>> Right.
>> Who are the other ones?
>> Right, right.
>> You know?
So like really honing that,
which dreamtime is probably
the easiest way to do that.
And so to really
remember your dreams,
like you were saying, right?
>> Yeah.
>> That's the biggest way that
he was saying that he could
really connect with you.
And then also through
playing and having fun,
it's just getting that
conduit of communication
so second nature
to where they're
like standing by you almost.
And you're like, oh, yeah,
like my buddy, kind of.
>> Right.
>> I can hear them.
I'm communing with them to
where then, one day, they just--
like your dream becomes
your waking reality,
and they're standing
next to you.
>> Right.
>> Like where it's
just [WHOOSH NOISE]..
>> Are they
dimensionally themselves?
Are they in the third dimension?
Are they in
third-dimensional density?
Or are they more of a
fifth-dimensional body density?
So the integration, is it
more as Earth and humanity
evolves into the
fifth-dimensional beingness,
then that's when we're
going to interact with them?
>> Yeah.
>> Because they're not
going to lower their density
to a third-dimensional density.
>> Well, these ones are pretty
interesting because they've had
to--
they have to bridge it,
bridge like fifth and third,
third and fifth.
And one way that we're seeing
is through the human kids.
>> Mhm.
That are incredible.
>> Right.
>> Right?
So they keep--
>> Yeah, and it goes
into star children.
>> Right.
Upgrading our DNA-- your
dad, you, then these kids.
So the kids alive right now,
such as the autistic kids
or like the rainbow
crystal kids,
they're just there
almost, like almost.
They're one-- I think one of
the channels said that one
chromosome away, like one,
just slight, you know, like--
>> One chromosome away of from--
>> From being a hybrid kid.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Like from being the same
genetic structure as these
hybrid kids coming.
>> Oh, OK.
I see.
>> So but, I mean, but then
these ones weren't raised
necessarily with
the Earth programs.
>> Right.
>> So then you've got that--
>> So you don't
have that karmic--
>> Right, imprint.
>> --imprint.
They're going to be teach us--
>> Yeah.
>> --as opposed to
us teaching them.
>> Yeah.
But there's a lot for
us to teach them too.
But it is more of like, right
now, they're guiding us out,
which is interesting.
But these-- and
then these kids--
>> And guiding to that
meeting point, kind of.
>> Yes.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
And these kids, why
I said they're--
the ambassador kids are like
the majority DNA of you.
And so they're the most--
and this kind of seems
like a derogatory term,
but they're the most
watered-down aliens.
>> Oh.
>> Do you know what I mean?
>> Right.
>> So it's like as close as
they can still be on a ship--
>> Right.
In the fifth dimension
>> --in fifth dimension, but
then still be able to make it
here.
That's the refinement
that they got to
and the ones that would
be able to be received.
So they would look human enough
and energetically not just
like [WHOOSH NOISE] blow us out.
And then that's why the land
places are so important,
where the fifth-dimensional
frequencies on Earth, because
of the Earth
frequencies just exist.
>> OK.
>> So Sedona, Maui,
and the sacred sites,
the frequency of the land, the
frequency of the environment
supports them.
>> Right.
>> And then the people, at the
time they get to these spots,
will hopefully be light
enough to then receive them.
And I mean, it'll be
a crazy assimilation.
And I'm sure people
will lose it,
and it it'll just be
complete immersion in
that there won't probably
be anything else happening--
no jobs, no-- you're
just like, oh, my gosh.
This kid just disappeared
in front of my eyes
and teleported over there.
I mean, it's just going to be--
>> Yeah.
I mean, I've had my
own kind of trying
to come to terms in how the
fifth-dimensional reality is
going to integrate here.
I can't think about it.
>> Yeah.
>> Because the logic--
and there is no logic to it.
You can't logically make sense
of how it's going to happen.
I've heard from
extradimensional beings
that I've interviewed until now
that have actually said this.
And they're all saying it.
They're all saying we're
moving to the fifth dimension.
And this is why everything's
so exciting to be here,
and they're all
helping us along.
But I can't even imagine
how it's going to happen.
>> Yeah.
>> Obviously, this is one way
to have these children come
in and help with
that, I imagine.
One thing that I can't
wrap my head around
that I want to-- and
maybe I'm not supposed to.
I don't know.
But let me just
throw it out there.
Now, are these
children, are they--
they're all not necessarily
hybrid Zeta Reticuli children.
Or are they?
Are they all Zeta
Reticuli, or are they
a mixture of other races?
>> This is a great question.
>> Right.
>> And actually, Bashar
answered this one for me.
>> OK.
>> And the answer is
that in that program,
they never had to use any DNA
from any other civilizations,
like go over to Pleiades
and be like, hey.
You know?
>> Right.
Because they don't
even have DNA.
Do they?
>> They do.
>> The fifth dimensional--
>> Well, I mean, it's
kind of like, I guess,
more of an energetic--
>> Yeah, energetic.
>> --template type thing.
But the idea is is that we
have all of those genetic codes
within us.
So they're like, oh.
So this kid, someone
could be more Arcturian,
or someone could
be more Pleiadian.
But that just means
that they're taking--
that your lineage had more of
that particular strain, which
is why it was chosen.
And so there can be
ones that are more--
I do feel ones that are
more Sirian, you know,
Sirian hybrid kids
that just have
more of that Sirian template.
And you can feel that
in their parents,
like you can just feel
that whole thing going on.
So technically, yeah, it is
only Zeta, which Zeta is human.
>> Right.
>> Like different.
>> Yeah, where
there's an aspect,
there's a portion of
humanity that came from them.
Right?
>> Right,
parallel-reality human.
So it's like Zeta
human, human-human,
and then all of the yummy ET
stuff that is in the human.
>> Right, Pleiadian.
>> Arcturian, Orion.
>> Arcturian, Orion, OK.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> [INAUDIBLE] OK.
>> There's eight.
Well, I mean, depending
on who you talk to,
because some merge
with other ones.
But there's like eight.
>> Fascinating.
My mind is blown.
This is awesome.
And thank you so much.
>> You're welcome, very much.
>> I will definitely
meditate on Sion.
>> OK.
Let's see.
This is the Anima.
This is Bashar's
female counterpart.
And after she--
>> What's her name again?
>> Anima.
And she's only
come through Daryl
in the '80s when he first
started channeling and then
for one time during a private
session for one of my friends.
And after I heard the
private session that night,
I went into this deep
trance and went to Sassani.
And her eyes became my
eyes, and I saw her.
And so this is what I saw.
>> Wow.
>> This was her.
So she's awesome.
She helps assimilate the
hybrid children to Earth.
She'll come down and
help the whole situation.
>> Wow.
>> So she's very integrated
into this whole thing.
So I guess it's
appropriate to have her on.
>> And Bashar, he's
kind of an ambassador.
Is that what--
>> Yeah.
He's a contact specialist.
>> A contact specialist?
>> Yeah.
>> With just the human
race or with many?
>> With all, with many.
>> With many races.
>> With many.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
And then she comes
in afterwards,
like he makes first
contact, and then she
comes in to merge that.
And then this is Drake.
This is one of my hybrid
kids who came through.
>> So I had a
question about him.
He looks kind of reptilian?
>> That would be correct.
>> All right.
So there is not
just Gray hybrids.
There's Reptilian hybrids.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
>> And this is
obviously more risque.
So, you know, it's
like one thing
to have them looking
like this or something.
But to have them Reptilian?
But there's just,
as you probably
know, too many cases of women
having sex with Reptilians
on ships.
So that's obviously going
to result in something.
>> Yeah.
>> And so then I started
recalling those experiences
for myself.
And then a few
women had that week
been talking about their hybrid
kids that were Reptilian.
And then it just all sunk.
And I was like, oh, gosh.
And I had sleep on
that for a few days.
And then he came through.
>> And a completely
different race,
completely different thing
going on, or are they working
together?
>> Well, the Reptilians
work with the Zetas.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
Because--
>> Well, it seems like the
Zetas are working with everybody
though, Pleiadians, or
the Tall Whites, and the--
>> Well, they work with them in
the case of-- they don't work
directly with them,
like I said yesterday.
They work with the
DNA of them in us.
>> OK.
>> Yeah.
>> I see.
>> So, but in the
case of these guys,
I think it's more of they're
not going to be the ambassadors,
like we're not going to see
Reptilian kids come first
to Earth.
>> OK, yeah, that might
be a little shocking.
>> Yeah.
So I think later on that
they'll be integrated.
>> I see.
>> And with the Reptilians
being terrestrial,
created from the
genomic experiment,
and being the primal energy
of kind of human race through
the dinosaurs, it makes sense
that they would be integrated
into the next evolution of
humanity as a whole being,
like dinosaurs and humans.
>> And who's this hybrid
child on the far left?
>> That's me.
That was me when I
was a little girl.
I drew that.
>> OK.
>> She can be on the wall.
>> OK, yeah.
She's a hybrid child too.
>> Yeah, yeah.
This is Sapphire.
And he, this guy from New
York, got him channeled.
And then one of my friends
from Los Angeles who I dated,
it's his kid.
And then so there's just
kind of this mixing.
So I kind of like, as
the parent group grows
and I know the
different parents,
I can see the different
slices in each child.
And he came to me in a lucid.
And his just eyes were
like, [VOCALIZING],,
like just bright
blue in the dark.
And it was just pretty amazing.
>> And that's what the
glowing represents there.
>> Yeah.
>> What's the blue
swirl behind him?
>> He's kind of like a shamanic
journeyer here for parents
or for humans to take them.
He's really connected to Sirius.
And so he takes them
to those memories
and unlocks that genetic coding.
>> I see.
>> So it's kind of like a path.
And this is Lily Luna.
This is one of my daughters.
And I have seen her
several times in dreams.
But she popped up pretty much
exactly like that, lucid,
like very physical.
And when they come to me
lucid, it's just like really
intense because it's
just, pow, you know?
Wah.
And she came to me right
before I went to Mount Shasta.
And she's really connected
to the crown chakra.
And they all have dominant
archetypal essences.
And hers is more of
the high priestess.
And that's why she
gave the symbology
of the crescent moon,
which is usually
at the feet in the tarot.
But in this case, she
put it at the crown
because we were going
to the crown chakra.
And so that's the violet
flame kind of on the head.
So she's one of my favorites.
She comes around the most.
She would be my top
ambassador child.
>> Would she be one of your
first children, do you think?
>> Well, the first ones were
still kind of like sickly
and not as--
>> Oh, wow.
So even yours--
>> Even mine.
>> --even some of your first
ones were part of that first
batch.
>> Yeah, in my
regression with Barbara,
my first memory of right when I
started menstruating at age 12,
I had a small child that
was like this little boy,
very frail.
And his hips weren't
developing properly.
And so they
extracted hip tissue.
And then to try and save him--
for me, and in the regression,
I could feel this huge needle
going, like I could still
feel this cellular memory.
And it was so painful.
>> Wow.
>> Like the experience
of all the stuff,
I know how abductees
feel in that case.
>> Right.
>> And Barbara was
just saying, it's now.
You're now.
Bridget, remember, you're now.
You know, you're remembering
that, but it's just a memory.
But they extracted hip
tissue to try and save him,
and he ended up dying.
And when I was 12 at
that time, I actually
did remember because I did
a lot of competitive dance
at that time.
I remember actually bawling
when doing hip stretches.
There was something released,
and I had no context as to why.
>> Wow.
>> So, yeah, pretty
interesting--
a lot of stuff.
>> OK, what's this?
What's the--
>> This?
>> --the sign here.
>> This came through last
January as kind of a new
upgrade for the parents to
start connecting more with
their kids.
And this symbol, the triangle
with the interior reverse
triangle, is the symbol,
the contact energy
for the hybrid kids.
>> So it's the
"Legend of Zelda."
>> Right.
>> Yeah, Link.
>> Yeah.
>> And the Triforce.
>> Isn't that cool?
>> [LAUGHS]
>> So that's the symbol.
Well, Bashar said that--
I kept getting that.
And then he said, yeah, that's
the symbol for the hybrid kids.
That's their
energetic blueprint.
And so this one is
a telepathic game
that the parents
play with their kids.
And so I-- and it was also to
bring in more kids at once.
Because, usually,
one kid's energy
is pretty intense, like one
hybrid when you're connected.
It's a lot.
But when you get
a group of them,
which they come as
groups, it's going
to be a lot, a lot of energy.
So this is a practice
for them to feel six kids
or whatever coming at
one time into their field
and feeling kind of the
dizziness of that frequency.
And so you're kind
of like, wait.
Shh.
Because it's all telepathic.
And then it's like, OK, shh.
Be quiet for a second.
I need to hear her.
You know?
And the same thing happens
when they land because they'll
be telepathic with us.
So it's kind of sorting
and practicing telepathy
as well as-- let's see.
So what else is in this?
So each of the kids
have a different--
have a particular
signature encoding
that is intertwined
with Earth because they
were designed to come to Earth.
And so on the top is
their color frequency.
And most of the kids are
associated with a certain color
spectrum of the rainbow.
So they're more oriented
towards like a violet frequency
or like a orange frequency,
associated usually
with the chakras.
And usually, they will come
to that place on Earth that is
associated with that frequency.
So green, heart chakra,
Maui, and then they're
designed actually
for that location.
Some can be designed for
multiple locations as well.
And then they're
usually associated
with some kind of
animal kind of totem
that associates
with their energy,
and their personality, and as
well as some natural thing,
so whether it's a
stone or a plant.
And they are usually named
after those natural things.
So they're actually
teaching us how
to be natural, which is ironic.
A kid on a spaceship is like,
my name is Sage Primrose.
OK.
So it's oriented to those
frequencies of birth.
Well, it's a conduit,
paradoxically, like up.
And in the middle is
the contact symbol
that the parent then
channels as their signature.
So this would be
a signature of Neo
or a signature of
these different kids.
And we did this with the
people that lived in the house.
So this is all of
our different kids.
>> Oh, wow.
>> Not, I mean, all of them.
It's a few of them.
>> Right.
Cool.
>> Let's go-- before we
skip to the next thing,
what's behind us here?
>> This?
>> Yeah.
>> This is, I guess, it's
kind of a contact symbol.
I wanted to start doing
more sacred geometry
art and mandala.
It's a kind of Tibetan energy.
So that's a painting that I
did to bring in that energy.
A lot of the abstract
art that I do just
opens different
dimensions and portals.
And so that's what I
was doing with that.
>> Copy that.
>> Yeah.
This is another one of
the game, different kids
And this guy is
really interesting.
Because we had this
kid living here--
he lived in that room--
who was more connected to
the ETs than I think anyone
I've ever met.
I mean, every night
he would dream lucid
with hybrids and with all
these different beings.
And he, particularly, would
come out every morning
and just be like, oh, my gosh.
I had the craziest
contact dreams.
And so this one time, he
said, I met my brother,
Terra, his hybrid brother.
And I said, that's awesome.
You should draw him, like it's
a really good thing to draw him.
And he's like, oh,
I'll get around to it--
blah, blah, blah.
And finally, one night, just
this kid just came to me.
And he's like, you
have to draw me.
And so, finally, I just
got down and drew him.
And I brought it out.
And the kid goes, whoa,
that's my brother, Terra.
And he wanted to come through
so badly that he came through me
because he wouldn't draw him.
And he said that it's
exactly who he saw.
>> Wow.
And he knew the name too?
>> Yeah.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, it was pretty cool.
>> That's cool.
>> And this is Amber, and
this is my hybrid daughter.
And she came to
me the first night
I was with Patrick,
my boyfriend.
And we were on--
I woke up in some
emotional state,
and I didn't know what
just had happened.
And so I went back in
kind of like a regression,
self-regression,
back up to the ship.
And she was standing there.
And so I was lucid, and I
just was looking at her.
And she telepathically
said, my name
is Amber-- like
connected to the earth
again and very connected
to the redwoods.
And then she started messing
with me while I was lucid.
Because I was trying to see
her eyes, but she wouldn't let
me see them.
So she made them really small.
I'm like, your eyes aren't--
she made them like pins.
And I'm like, your eyes
aren't the size of pins.
Because I was expecting
something big.
And then she finally evened out.
And that's her, so
that's who I saw.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah.
>> She looks like you.
Most of the time, they
look like their parents.
Sometimes it could be
completely opposite too.
So they can--
>> Like this guy up here.
>> Yeah, it can be--
>> He's a little blue.
>> Super blue.
>> Are a lot of them blue?
Because I've noticed a
lot of drawings, not just
from yourself but
others, that tend
to have this kind
of bluish skin tone.
>> Good question.
Answer would be because
a lot of the kids
that I started seeing in the
beginning have blue skin,
I thought.
>> OK.
>> And then I asked
Bashar about it.
And he said, they don't
actually have blue skin.
It's the blue
frequency that you're
picking up on that makes it
seem like they have blue skin.
>> I see.
>> Some actually would.
But primarily, it's
just more the frequency.
>> So the Na'vi in
that movie "Avatar,"
that's just their auras.
They're so--
>> No.
I think that that's real.
>> OK.
>> I think it's Annunak--
like the blue Anunnaki.
>> Blue Anunnaki?
>> Yeah.
>> I never heard of that.
>> What?
>> That's cool.
>> Yeah, you have.
>> No.
I haven't heard of blue Annu--
I know Anunnaki.
But I don't know blue.
>> I've heard that
from a lot of people,
that the Anunnaki were blue?
>> Oh, OK.
>> This was the little girl
I was telling you about,
the one that the guy I was
dating saw the picture of.
>> Oh.
>> And he just froze,
and then heard her,
and had this little experience
from seeing the drawing.
So her name is Crystal.
She's really sweet.
She was one of the first
daughter's that came to me.
So--
>> Wow.
OK.
>> All right.
>> Next on the tour.
>> And then these three came
through for an animation that I
was going to do when a guy
wanted to do like a animated
series with the hybrid kids.
>> Oh.
>> And so these
were the ones that--
like how they wanted to
be presented for that.
And this is a younger version
of my hybrid sister, Geo.
And so she's--
I am very connected to her, and
she's my dad's daughter, which
would then be my hybrid sister.
>> Oh.
>> And so we're
really connected.
And I remember playing
with her when I was little,
on the ships and stuff.
>> Wow.
>> So she's my buddy.
These are drawings of the two
little girls that I babysitted.
That's all.
>> Nice.
OK.
And what are the--
is this Drake again?
>> This one?
>> Yeah.
>> He's a different kid.
I don't even know his name.
He just was like, I want
to be in this animation.
And they all started to kind
of jump in front of each other.
They're like, well,
I want to be in it.
So he just kind of came to me.
>> And how about the top
one with the pointy ears?
>> Her?
>> Yeah.
>> She's like an elven hybrid.
So they can-- I mean,
they can design them.
They made all different
kinds of kiddos.
And so she has more of
like an elven energy.
>> So Spock is an elf?
>> Not necessarily.
Maybe she's Spock's
great-great-great-granddaughter.
>> Oh, OK.
Or grandmother.
>> Right.
>> Because in that, in
Star Trek, it goes to the--
>> Into the future.
>> Yeah.
>> True.
So these are symbols
I downloaded.
I swam with dolphins
in Hawaii for a week.
>> Wow.
>> And I was incredibly
connected to my Sirian
counterpart, who I didn't
even know that I had.
And these symbols, and
there were probably
like four times this amount,
just kept coming through,
kept coming through, that were
archetypals, Sirian symbols.
And-- yeah.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah.
>> That's pretty cool stuff.
And what's this
drawing behind you?
>> Oh, this is a painting--
well, speaking of dolphins,
these are the different portals,
portal paintings that I create
and that open
dimensional frequencies.
And some people that
have them actually
have seem like orbs come through
them, like physical orbs,
like people that don't
even believe in this stuff.
>> Oh, that have your paintings?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
So you paint these
for other people too?
>> Mhm.
Yeah.
I used to do like fine art
in galleries in LA and stuff.
And then I started doing
little kid drawings.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> And, so--
>> But that's so cool.
>> Yeah.
And so there's a
certain frequency
that just comes through.
And it's not me painting.
It's like Bridget goes
away, and just whatever
portal comes through,
comes through.
And this one is more of
like a dolphin birth portal.
I guess there would be birth
portals usually associated
with Arcturus,
the Arcturus Gate.
So it's more of that frequency.
>> Cool.
And behind you, we
have some watercolors.
>> Watercolors, just different
rainbow stuff happening.
And--
>> And who's this down--
this blue being here?
>> This one?
She's Lily Luna, the one
that you saw out there.
>> OK.
With the crescent on the head.
>> Yes.
But that was the first--
this is the first
way that I saw her
because I saw her through
the frequency in the blue,
like I said.
>> OK.
>> And then once I could
orient more to the energy,
then I could see
more of her form.
So it changes as
your filter changes.
So that was like the first
rendition of how I saw her,
and then it changed
into that out there.
>> Cool.
>> I was lucid in this
dream with hybrid kids.
And in most of the dreams
that I have with them,
I'm either teaching
them art or I'm
teaching them dance, which
are like my two main mediums.
And this one time, we were
drawing these paintings
with natural materials.
And the little girl, paint--
found the most
amazing color brown.
And I was like, oh, my gosh.
This is such a beautiful brown.
What did you use for this?
You know?
Because I was doing
the natural art.
And she just like
looks up at me.
And she's like, poop.
And I was like, what?
And she was like, I used poo.
You used poo on the painting?
And it's like,
cool, very creative.
Good job.
But it was those certain
things that you can't make up.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> So anyways, I guess that
kind of reminds me of that.
>> That's not poop though?
>> That's not poop.
That's Sedona red rocks.
>> OK, good.
I don't want to
get any poop going.
>> I want to be clear.
>> All right.
>> We do lucid dreaming
workshops online that are
associated with lucid dreaming
for contact or lucid dreaming
with hybrid kids,
just in that realm.
And some of the activities
that we would do
is to merge the two realities
of this dream reality
with our sleeping dream reality.
And so the more
that you can realize
that this is an illusionary
dream, the more that you
can merge that and become--
you can also become more
lucid in your sleeping dream
by doing that and
then also become
more conscious of the real
reality of this dimension
by having those reminders.
So we have these reminders
all over our house.
>> Cool.
>> Yeah.
This symbol, as we said,
is the contact symbol
for the hybrid kids.
And then these two on the
outside and the other ones
were downloaded by my
friend, the one that
had all of the dreams, that
lived in the other room.
He's the one that put
all of these up for us.
And he downloads
different light languages.
So he--
>> Light languages?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
Can you explain that?
What's a light language?
>> You know what a
light language is.
>> No.
I don't.
>> You don't?
>> No.
>> It's like they're kind of
universal languages merged from
different extraterrestrials,
sometimes angelic,
like different civilizations.
And it's kind of like a
universal language using
symbology, sometimes maybe even
those archetypal Sirian symbols
that I send.
It's more of, instead of--
it's not necessarily like--
it's language, but it's the
greater language of existence
as it comes into the physical.
Yeah.
>> Cool.
So maybe some of those symbols
that people describe they've
seen on ships, that could be--
>> Yeah, forms of light
language and, I guess,
different civilizations when
they didn't do writing or have
Sirian languages
themselves as well.
It's just cool how everyone's
making their appointments,
like that's what I can see.
>> Yeah.
>> Like Bashar, in 2009, said--
which I was just out of college,
like in a whole other mindset.
And in 2009, he did a
transmission that said--
it was the really intense
one about the hybridization
program.
And he said, around
2015 to 2017,
there will be those
online platforms so
that when people
have the dreams,
they will wake up and go there.
And I'm listening to that,
and I'm like, that was me.
>> Right.
>> I'm the one that
then created that,
and you knew that I
was going to do that.
And it's just this crazy thing.
>> I think it was
mentioned yesterday,
the innocence that
children in general bring,
you were embodying that.
And then maybe that's why you're
doing the work you're doing,
and everything resonates, and
it's synchronized in that way,
because that's the
energy it needs.
>> Yeah.
I think--
>> So hats off.
>> Thank you.
Thanks.
I think so.
Yeah.
>> Excellent, excellent stuff.
Yeah, there's a great
positivity around all that.
And I appreciate that
because one of my missions,
too, is I've talked
to many abductees who
really take that victim role.
And that's where
they're supposed to be,
obviously, at that
point in life.
>> Yeah.
>> But you don't have to.
>> OK.
If I'm going to be relatable
to the ET community,
I have to know my
abduction stuff.
I can't go around
spouting out positivity
about hybrid children
and then be like,
have fun with your fear.
You know?
I'm like, no.
I need to go into that.
>> Right.
>> So then I went
to Barbara Lamb.
And my dad went.
After my experience,
then he got regressed
like the next few days after.
>> Wow.
>> And my experiences actually
weren't very traumatic,
like I was kind of--
I helped them make the kids.
And there was stuff going on on
the ships like where I really
understood, like I really got
the greater context of what
was happening via some
other incarnations
that I had remembered
when I was a kid,
like my Pleiadian incarnations,
like what Earth was going
through.
So it wasn't traumatic because
I had that greater perspective.
>> Mhm.
>> But my dad's were
super traumatic.
He was shaken for a few
days after his regression.
But anyways, but then I
could have that relatability.
I could see what was going on.
So it kind of seems like
you're going at it that way,
like you're kind of--
>> Yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
I hope I don't get any kind of--
>> Uh-oh.
>> --craziness.
But, yeah, I know.
In a sense, I'm trying
to get the bigger picture
and trying to
relate, get people.
And I've been working
with a lot of people
who have fear, not
necessarily with abductions
but just even this life,
and trauma with family--
>> Yeah.
>> --and even sexual--
>> Abuse stuff, yeah.
>> --abuse stuff.
And I feel that this perspective
that I'm getting on reality
is helping me
coach those people,
even though I
haven't consciously,
in my current state of mind--
>> Yeah, carved in.
>> --felt like I've gone
through those experiences.
But at least I can
take a perspective.
And I can offer a
perspective, regurgitating
a lot of the information.
But in other ways, I've
used that information
to help me with just current
and day-to-day events and tasks.
So I feel that--
And I see it working, so
it's not like I'm just
regurgitating a message.
There's actual-- I do have
context of taking the higher
perspective of the
bigger picture,
not buying into the fear.
You know, don't get lost in the
insanity and the negativity.
Stay-- look at the big picture.
Constantly look at
the big picture.
>> Right.
The big picture
helps all that story.
>> Yeah.
That's--
>> It's the only saving
grace to this incarnation--
>> Yeah, and--
>> --is understanding that.
>> Understanding that, and don't
be a victim to your emotions.
And that's what I try to
tell people-- empowerment.
Because on so many levels,
not only the victim's side,
but that allows you to be
a creator in this reality.
So then you can
create what you want--
>> Right.
>> --which is what a
lot of us, I think,
are now coming to terms.
We want a place.
We want a planet
that's clean, and pure,
and a place for
people to thrive,
and live happily, and
not be the victim,
not do that victim role.
>> Yeah.
>> And so that's--
that's what I wanted to do.
That's what we're
trying to create.
>> Yes.
>> We're doing it.
[SOOTHING MUSIC]